CNV-45388: Add new virtctl commands (#86813)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-virtctl-commands.adoc

|`virtctl create vm --name <vm_name>`
|Create a VM manifest, specifying a name for the VM.

|`virtctl create vm --user <user_name> --ssh-key\|password-file=<value>`
|Create a VM manifest with a cloud-init configuration to create the selected user and either add an SSH public key from the supplied string, or a password from a file.

> |`virtctl create vm --access-cred type:<type>,src:<secret>,user:<user_name>`

Reviewer: `user:<user_name>` is not supported for `type:password`, since the referred to secret contains a mapping of users to passwords. You have to split these examples.

Author: I did not realize that, I split the examples as you suggested, please take a look at the updated version.

|Create a VM manifest with SSH credentials injected from the selected secret. Supported types are `ssh` for an SSH public key and `password` for a user password.

|`virtctl create vm --volume-sysprep src:<config_map>`

> |Create a VM manifest, specifying a ConfigMap to use as the sysprep volume.

Reviewer: You could add a note that this ConfigMap needs to contain a valid `unattend.xml`/`autounattend.xml` or also called answers file.

Author: Added.

|`virtctl create vm --name <vm_name>`
|Create a VM manifest, specifying a name for the VM.

|`virtctl create vm --user <user_name> --ssh-key\|password-file=<value>`
|Create a VM manifest with a cloud-init configuration to create the selected user and either add an SSH public key from the supplied string, or a password from a file.

|`virtctl create vm --access-cred type:password,src:<secret>`
|Create a VM manifest with a user and password combination injected from the selected secret.

|`virtctl create vm --access-cred type:ssh,src:<secret>,user:<user_name>`
|Create a VM manifest with an SSH public key injected from the selected secret.

|`virtctl create vm --volume-sysprep src:<config_map>`

> |Create a VM manifest, specifying a ConfigMap to use as the sysprep volume. The ConfigMap must contain a valid answer file named `unattend.xml` or `autounattend.xml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Create a VM manifest, specifying a config map to use as the sysprep volume. The config map must contain a valid answer file named `unattend.xml` or `autounattend.xml`.
```

https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#config-map

Author: Thank you, that's a good catch. I fixed it with the last push.

|`virtctl image-upload dv <datavolume_name> --size=<datavolume_size> --image-path=</path/to/image>`
|Upload a VM image to a new data volume of a specified requested size.

> |`virtctl image-upload dv <datavolume_name> --datasource --size=<datavolume_size>--image-path=</path/to/image>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`virtctl image-upload dv <datavolume_name> --datasource --size=<datavolume_size> --image-path=</path/to/image>`
```

Missing a space.

Author: Good catch, thank you, just fixed it.
